Document sentinel policy support in the public registry (#71)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/registry/policy-libraries/using-policies.mdx

description: >-
  Collections of Sentinel policies are available in the Terraform Registry as policy libraries. Learn to use policy libraries from the Terraform Registry.
---

# Using Policies from the Terraform Registry

Collections of Sentinel policies are available in the Terraform Registry as policy libraries. You can use these policies in both [Terraform Cloud](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs) and the [Sentinel CLI](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/commands).

The Terraform Registry acts as a [remote source](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration/remote-sources) for policies that you include in a standard [Sentinel configuration file](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration).

## Finding Policies in the Terraform Registry

You can [browse policy libraries](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/policies) available on the Terraform Registry or [use keywords to search for policies](https://registry.terraform.io/search/policies) relevant to your use cases.

To view documentation for specific policies within a library:
1. Go to the policy library.
1. Click **Choose policies**. Available policies are listed in the bottom left of the window.

> 1. Click on the name of any policy library to see its documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the name of any policy to display its documentation.
```

## Using Policies in Terraform Cloud or Sentinel CLI

> You can use one or more policies from a policy library to create a Terraform Cloud [policy set](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#policies-and-policy-sets). You can also use policies directly with the [Sentinel CLI](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel). The Terraform Registry autogenerates the HCL code you need to configure each policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use one or more policies from a policy library to create a Terraform Cloud [policy set](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#policies-and-policy-sets). You can also use policies directly with the [Sentinel CLI](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel). The Terraform Registry auto-generates the HCL code you need to configure each policy.
```

To get the HCL configuration code for one or more policies:

1. Go to the policy library and click **Choose policies**.
1. Select the policies you want to use in the bottom left of the window. The Terraform Registry populates HCL code in the **Usage Instructions** field.
1. Click **Copy Code Snippet** to copy the HCL code to your clipboard.

> 1. Paste the HCL code into a [Sentinel configuration file](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration) file or [Terraform Cloud `sentinel.hcl` file](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#the-sentinel-hcl-configuration-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Paste the HCL code into a [Sentinel configuration file](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration) or [Terraform Cloud `sentinel.hcl` file](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#the-sentinel-hcl-configuration-file).
```

### Terraform Cloud

> We recommend defining all of the policies for a Terraform Cloud workspace in a single `sentinel.hcl` file. You may wish to change the [enforcement level](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#enforcement-levels) in the autogenerated HCL code snippets. By default, this is set to `advisory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend defining all of the policies for a Terraform Cloud workspace in a single `sentinel.hcl` file. You may wish to change the [enforcement level](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#enforcement-levels) in the auto-generated HCL code snippets. By default, this is set to `advisory`.
```

---
page_title: Terraform Registry - Using Registry Policies
description: >-
  How to use Sentinel policies from the Terraform Registry.
---

# Using Policies from the Terraform Registry

Collections of Sentinel policies are shared in the Terraform Registry as policy libraries. Users can browse and search for libraries that contain policies relevant to their use-cases, then use the policies they find in [Terraform Cloud](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs) or the [Sentinel CLI](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/commands).

The Terraform Registry acts as a [remote source](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration/remote-sources) for policies that you include in a standard [Sentinel configuration file](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration).

## Finding Policies in the Terraform Registry

> Terraform Registry users can [browse policy libraries](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/policies) that have been published to the registry, or [search for them using key words](https://registry.terraform.io/search/policies).
> 
> Each policy library has a details page where you can browse the documentation provided for each policy that it contains. Start by clicking the "Choose Policies" button.
> 
> ![policy library details](/img/docs/policy-library-details.png)
> 
> On the left, you'll see a box containing usage instructions that is currently empty, and below it, a list of all the policies that are available from this policy library. Click on the name of any policy library to see its documentation.
> 
> ![selecting policies](/img/docs/policy-selection.png)
> 
> Check the boxes for every policy that you would like to use. As you do so, you will see HCL code being populated in the usage instructions box. Once you have selected all the policies that you wish to use, copy the HCL code from the box using the "Copy Code Snippet" button. You will use this code to apply the policies to your Terraform Cloud workspaces, or in the Sentinel CLI.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [browse policy libraries](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/policies) available on the Terraform Registry or [use keywords to search for policies](https://registry.terraform.io/search/policies) relevant to your use cases.

To view documentation for specific policies within a library:
1. Go to the policy library.
1. Click **Choose policies**. Available policies are listed in the bottom left of the window.
1. Click on the name of any policy library to see its documentation.
```

> ## Using Policies in Terraform Cloud
> 
> Policy sets are groups of policies that can be enforced on Terraform Cloud workspaces. You can create a policy set with the usage instructions you've collected from one or more policy libraries. The recommended approach to creating a policy set for policies you've found in the Terraform Registry is as follows:
> 
> 1. [Find one or more policy libraries in the Registry](#finding-policies-in-the-terraform-registry) containing policies you wish to enforce on your Terraform Cloud workspaces. Collect the usage instructions for all policies you wish to enforce in a single `sentinel.hcl` file.
> 
>     -> You may wish to make adjustments to the `enforcement_level` in the HCL code snippets that you copy from the Terraform Registry. By default, the [enforcement level](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#enforcement-levels) in Registry policy snippets is always set to `advisory`.
> 
> 2. Store this file in a private VCS repository of your choosing.
> 3. [Follow these instructions](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#managing-policy-sets) to create a new policy set in Terraform Cloud from your VCS repository, and apply it to one or more of your workspaces.
> 
> ## Using Policies in the Sentinel CLI
> 
> The Terraform Registry provides you with [Sentinel configuration](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration) HCL code that you can use directly with the Sentinel CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Policies in Terraform Cloud or Sentinel CLI

You can use one or more policies from a policy library to create a Terraform Cloud [policy set](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#policies-and-policy-sets). You can also use policies directly with the [Sentinel CLI](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel). The Terraform Registry autogenerates the HCL code you need to configure each policy.

To get the HCL configuration code for one or more policies:

1. Go to the policy library and click **Choose policies**. 
1. Select the policies you want to use in the bottom left of the window. The Terraform Registry populates HCL code in the **Usage Instructions** field. 
1. Click **Copy Code Snippet** to copy the HCL code to your clipboard. 
1. Paste the HCL code into a [Sentinel configuration file](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/configuration) file or [Terraform Cloud `sentinel.hcl` file](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#the-sentinel-hcl-configuration-file). 

### Terraform Cloud

We recommend defining all of the policies for a Terraform Cloud workspace in a single `sentinel.hcl` file. You may need to change the [enforcement level](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#enforcement-levels) in the autogenerated HCL code snippets. By default, this is set to `advisory`.

After you add the configuration code to your `sentinel.hcl` file, [create a new policy set in Terraform Cloud](/cloud-docs/sentinel/manage-policies#managing-policy-sets) and apply it to one or more workspaces.
```
